# ai_aSCRIPTZa
Made with ai. LocalStorage files for multi purpose (text) SCRIPTS for SONG_LYRICS. 

Toolz like:
- STT and WAV,
- with auto scroll for PLAYBACK!
- genr8 song lyrics.
- vari8 endlessly!
- GenAI content pipeline.

----

### OVERVIEW

So exciting! This is the source code for a YouTubeSeries on AI CodeGen. 

Waaay back, in year 1999, an AI project was started, called THE_MUSICAL_BLENDER.

A simple algorithm, was crafted in C++ - to RHYME SONG LYRICS for new rock songs!

So, a Tokenizer was built using NLP technology in 2002. 

And an EXTREMELY UNIQUE LLM was cultivated. With a PERPLEXING side-effect. It became a massive WORDGAME of RHYMES, called aWORDaGAME [pronounced like ORAGAMI]

Multiple AI insights resulted in aWORDaGAME: 

- Synthesize neural network modalities.
- Local Storage (long term memory)
- Custom Token Sets

The big surprise came, with "combinability" of the tokens, when combined with English. It was a clever solution for semantic labels, that ... evolved organically.

"COMBINABILITY" allows for TOKENS to "combine" together...unwittedly reflecting new concepts and (sometimes), sparking an epiphany of a reflection of actual reality. 

language... after innovating an  extra_text_into ai, as a hybrid language. Then of the cognitive effect on human user.

Please Enjoy.

EnVolveren ~ : )

----

## PURPOSE

Mix Artificial Intelligence with JavaScript and MUSIC: Song Lyric Generation!

This software is part of a diverse pipeline of utilities generated by AI.
AI MODELS in used: ChatGPT, TensorFlow, Copilot. But...

- By far, my favorite CodeGen tool is Claude Sonnet 3.5.

This project PROVES ABILITY across a DIVERSE SPECTRUM of AI modalities (visual/audio/text/video).

## METHODOLOGY

ai_aSONGZa platform includes: 
 - ai_aSCRIPTZa, 
 - ai_CORPORa, 
 - ai_MORAL_STORYZ
 - and ai_aVIDZa.

### ai_aSCRIPTZa

aSCRIPTZa is a vertical text scroller and rich text editor for presentations of

complex ORATORY, and also AI SONG LYRICS. There are many MECHANISMS within each to precisely ENCODE and DECODE the generative art.

#### SOCIAL PHRASES

By far, a SIGNIFICANT SCIENTIFIC DISCOVERY was of the "SOCIAL PHRASES", routinely discounted as common IDIOMS SIMILE and METAPHOR. This scientific work, finds SOCIAL_PHRASES essential and extremely undervalued.

> SOCIAL PHRASES, are a PROJECTION of CONCEPTS beneath our CONSCIOUS AWARENESS.

Careful study of the common phrases, reveals we are NOT contemplating the depth of meaning, beneath the words we say. SOCIAL_PHRASES definitively prove the DISCONNECT between our PERCEPTION and ACTUAL_REALITY. Other benefits grew from that study. 

#### WORDS PAINT PICTURES

> With SONGs, lyrics can paint pictures in the mind.

With Artificial Intelligence, words will be able to render INFINITE_WORLDS.

Based on that realization, it was realized a singular CREATIVE WORK, could (and should), be INFINITE REPEATABLE... across ALL_TIME. This has important application for INTELLIGENT FORUM, but also for MUSIC CONCERT.

#### INIFINI_SONGZ

The KEY THEORY, is to DEVELOP MUSICAL ARTS of a NEW MODALITY. With GOALS of INFINITE_LOOPS of HARMONY and ...

> INFINITE_VARIATION of LYRIC & MELODY over the top. 

### AI TEXT GENERATION

Many variations of prompts will lead to wildly different lyric parody. For the purposes of this experiment, the FOCUS is on SOCIAL_PHRASES and the ability to PAINT ENJOYABLE IMAGES in mind. With the GOAL of creating MAXIMUM ENJOYABLE LYRIC. Think of scenes of adventure or nostalgia, or as a remedy for current social strife.

#### INFINI_STORYZ

Stories have the ability to be remade infinitely. This technology is the 5D_PIPELINE to create and GENERATE multi_media, in an ongoing STRATEGIC PROCESS.

Think of a story that is told in an ANIMATED MOVIE. But also a SONG. In TEXT, and in SOCIAL MEDIA POST. That is the cross-media concept of INFINI_STORYZ(tm). Creating a GENRE of ai_MORAL_STORYZ, designed to depict life with accuracy and MAXIMUM_ENCOURAGMENT for growth and learning.

## AI_SUPERTOOLZ

Myriad Artificial Intelligence Tools for multi-media and multi-modal content processing as GENERATIVE PIPELINE.

MODALITIES: TEXT, VOICE, VIDEO, AUDIO, NFT, more.
---
