---

# AI_aSONGZa

----



### OVERVIEW

This is a very exciting document. We've been working for so long to produce this work - all the the pieces fall together! A Tokenizer was created using NLP technology in 2001! Since then, MANY AI INNOVATIONS, in a steady CASCADE!

We call the new digital art form: INFINI_STORY_SONGZ.

Below are the principles for the social-network system.

Please Enjoy.

Envolveren ~ : )

ROXZILLA & spazefalcon.

----

## Principles of LIVING_MUSIC SONG_FORM:

1. Ai generates MUSIC and VIDEO from SCRIPTZ.

2. Dead simple MUSIC progressions, easy to play/learn/loop.

3. AI generates LYRIC VARIATIONS, over the top, evolve with time.

4. LIVING_MUSIC_SONG_FORM, as INFINI_SONGZ, and socially as,
    INFINI_STORY_SONGZ - from INFINI_TXTZ(tm) technology.

5. Licensed for commercial re-use, with unique ai prompt as PARODY and by attribution "ROXZILLA|spazefalcon".

6. PLUS: Ai generated Fan-Art, Music Videos, with codeGen open-source software.

Stay Tuned!

----

## GOAL

COOL Song Lyric Generation with AI!

Amazing videos, of many types, from many creators.

ARTISTS_PROMOTING_ARTISTS to be PROMOTED by ARTISTS.

We are building a CO-OP.

And a ONE STOP SHOP - for viral ai content creation pipeline.

---

### DETAILS

Making DIGITAL ART, with CODE and emergent Artificial Intelligence!

This software is part of a diverse platform generated by AI - we call SONG_TOOLZ(tm).


---

### SONG_TOOLZ

AI MODELS in used: ChatGPT, TensorFlow, Copilot. 

And our personal favorite is Claude (for now).

This project PROVES AI ABILITY. INNOVATES TECHNOLOGY.
And EXPLORES a DIVERSE SPECTRUM of AI modalities...
(visual/audio/text/video/speech/more).

----

## METHODOLOGY

ai_SONG_TOOLZ platform includes: 
 - ai_aSCRIPTZa, 
 - ai_CORPORa, 
 - ai_MORAL_STORYZ
 - and ai_aVIDZa.

----

### ai_aSCRIPTZa

aSCRIPTZa is a vertical text scroller and rich text editor for presentations of

complex ORATORY, and also AI SONG LYRICS. There are many MECHANISMS within each to precisely ENCODE and DECODE the generative art.

----

#### SOCIAL PHRASES

By far, a SIGNIFICANT SCIENTIFIC DISCOVERY was of the "SOCIAL PHRASES", routinely discounted as common IDIOMS SIMILE and METAPHOR. This scientific work, finds SOCIAL_PHRASES essential and extremely undervalued.

> SOCIAL PHRASES, are a PROJECTION of CONCEPTS beneath our CONSCIOUS AWARENESS.

Careful study of the common phrases, reveals we are NOT contemplating the depth of meaning, beneath the words we say. SOCIAL_PHRASES definitively prove the DISCONNECT between our PERCEPTION and ACTUAL_REALITY. Other benefits grew from that study. 

----

#### WORDS PAINT PICTURES

> With SONGs, lyrics can paint pictures in the mind.

With Artificial Intelligence, words will be able to render INFINITE_WORLDS.

Based on that realization, it was realized a singular CREATIVE WORK, could (and should), be INFINITE REPEATABLE... across ALL_TIME. This has important application for INTELLIGENT FORUM, but also for MUSIC CONCERT.

----

#### INIFINI_SONGZ

The KEY THEORY, is to DEVELOP MUSICAL ARTS of a NEW MODALITY. With GOALS of INFINITE_LOOPS of HARMONY and ...

> INFINITE_VARIATION of LYRIC & MELODY over the top. 

### AI TEXT GENERATION

Many variations of prompts will lead to wildly different lyric parody. For the purposes of this experiment, the FOCUS is on SOCIAL_PHRASES and the ability to PAINT ENJOYABLE IMAGES in mind. With the GOAL of creating MAXIMUM ENJOYABLE LYRIC. Think of scenes of adventure or nostalgia, or as a remedy for current social strife.

#### INFINI_STORYZ

Stories have the ability to be remade infinitely. This technology is the 5D_PIPELINE to create and GENERATE multi_media, in an ongoing STRATEGIC PROCESS.

Think of a story that is told in an ANIMATED MOVIE. But also a SONG. In TEXT, and in SOCIAL MEDIA POST. That is the cross-media concept of INFINI_STORYZ(tm). Creating a GENRE of ai_MORAL_STORYZ, designed to depict life with accuracy and MAXIMUM_ENCOURAGMENT for growth and learning.


---

### AI_HUMANZA

A group is formed for all_humanz, if you are interested, reach out - and tell friends. This group is for CURIOUS ARTISTS to befriend each other, and PROMOTE EACH OTHER in a DIGITAL_ART_CLAN: memberships, and SOCIAL RECOGNITION with AWARDS. 